The Joe Rogan experience. So how you doing man? Everything. All right.
Everything good walking.
Good while walking. Great. Yeah.
You good walking. Great. You look totally fine.
Oh yeah. I was, I told you guys,
I was <laugh> I had an apple party after the fight.
I was booing I was the party slide. Yeah. Chain smokers. They, uh, they was,
they was actually at excess. Well, well, I,
that they had their concert thing at and uh,
they told they bring me up into their booth and I was trying to get him to let
me jump on and off the stage with him. Cause he looked like he was having fun.
<laugh>.
That's amazing, man, because your left leg, it looked like,
at least during the fight it was getting busted up. Yeah.
Yeah. You know, it' you just used to it. Yeah. It is what it is, you know? Yeah.
I, I heard, I saw, I got to watch the fight a little bit over, you know, and uh,
what youre not talking about the fight.
A lot of people actually about the press. Conference-hmm when I said,
I thought I won. I think so people, I, uh, people was taking it, uh,
taking it the wrong way. A lot of his fans taking the wrong way.
It's like when I was in there in my mind, I thought I won because I,
when you think about it, I,
I thought I was landing more damaging shots to the head and body, you know,
I know leg kicks. He was landing here and there,
but I didn't think it was too much until after I saw whatever happened,
you know, but at, at the end of the day, you know, it's like, it's what I said.
I just, my, my legs went, fire went to the after party. I danced. And, and if,
if I put it in this way, you know, of out of my, all my ti fights,
this is the least damage I took in a ti fight and I lost my tap
belt. So.
<Laugh> you mean into the face, into the body? Yeah.
To the face into the body, you know? And he hit me, some of the,
I know he was landing some leg kicks and, and some, um, some was power and,
but then a bunch of other ones I, I thought, so it was like, you know,
I didn't know that there, it was landing that much to that, to that extent.
And um, then again, this is, uh, it's not a street fight, you know? Right.
It's not a street fight. It's a, it's a,
it's a game and he help pointed me in the game. So, you know, good for him.
Yeah. It's, it's an interesting game when it comes to scoring. Right.
Because like, what should be scored more punch is, or leg kicks like, uh,
you know, it's, it's hard. Like leg kicks are damaging. They mean a lot. I mean,
fights have been stopped on leg kicks. Uh, you know, but barbboza,
I think stopped two people.
Leg kicks, two people at the yeah. Yeah.
Um, but it's just, it's I think the system sucks.
The 10 point must system it's boxing system. Yeah. It's not our system,
which shouldn't have that system. Yeah.
We should have a more comprehensive system that, that recognizes everything.
And.
Then sometimes it's weird too, you know, especially like, uh,
not technically my fight, but like other fights, like people,
you see people who stick and move nice and this and that.
And just because the guy walking forward, he's winning a fight. Right. Right.
And then like you see them getting into, uh, uh,
you see people getting into scuff and then one guy bounceed back,
it looks like he's retreating, but he's actually not. He landborn the scuffle.
And then he, since he bounced back to like, oh,
I think that guy that was staying there was actually winning the fight.
So it's just, it's what you said. It's just super like, you know,
some guys like they, they favor a little bit more thing than another thing. And,
uh, it, I.
Think there's a real problem with judges, not even being martial artists.
That's why that's a giant problem. That's why bet Watson say don't,
don't leave pitch to judges don't but.
That's easier said than done.
It is. Especially when you fight the best guys in the world too, you know.
You can't expose it. It's not smart. It's not a smart way to fight you.
The way you're fighting is the best way to fight. But the,
the judges should at least have some martial arts experience.
And I know theres a bunch of 'em that have never even trained. I, I,
I just took some courses.
I was talking to, uh, some people was talking to, uh,
that was behind the scenes talking to, uh, they,
they came from the DC was the DC Fanon of ours on y'all. And uh,
some of the commission there at the DC event was like I heard was, was crazy.
Like some people was just not like, they didn't know anything. Yeah.
Not supposed to be there. I was like, what is going on? And like, uh,
to put it in perspective for people out there, it's like, you know,
like it's all I do for a living. Right. It's all I do. So like, to me,
I gotta put the trust in someone that doesn't yeah.
Know what they're doing when I'm over here sacrificing my time. It's,
it's kind of hard, you know, I'm not talking about my fight again.
I'm just talking about other people in terms, in terms a bad, you know, it just,
it's just tough, you know, it's horrible.
It's horrible. And they don't do anything about it.
And there's people that have put in bad decision after bad decision.
And then you see them still, uh, being listed as judge. And you're like,
this is crazy. Like, I want to ask them questions. <laugh> I wanna show them a.
Video. I know,
heard that I heard after last time we was inside right before I did my, uh,
press conference and stuff. <laugh> I heard, I heard you go,
who is judging this? We need to fire.
Everyone. They do need to fire everyone. They, you know what they should do,
man. They should hire X fighters. You should. They should.
Should. I was, uh, I talked to, uh, Frank tri before he moved off of Hawaii.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and um, he was trying to become a, become a, uh,
he's ref he's Reing and now he finally got to Betor and U I think so he just did
UFC for the first time, a couple, a couple weeks ago, a couple months ago.
And I was telling him like, why would they not just let you put in there?
There was like, oh, you there's a time system. You need to do this. I was like,
you like fought for a championship belt in the highest organization. What,
what I know who in the right mind is being like, yeah, this guy's not qualified.
I would, I would want you sitting or judging my fights a hundred percent.
You know what I mean? A hundred percent. Like, just because someone okay.
Maybe they did take a class, but it's like, it's like license, you know,
just because you drive your li pass, your license test doesn't mean you could,
you should be able to allow to drive on the.
Road. You know? You know what it's like, it's like passing a written test,
but never having driven a car. Yeah, exactly. That's what it's like,
here's your driver's license. You don't even know how to hit the gas. Exactly.
You don't know how much break you should apply when you,
you see some of these people that are judging, you can, you know,
they've never done anything. They've never done any, they don't,
they don't have any idea what's going on.
They just have a cursory understanding of fighting and that's not acceptable for
the highest level of the game. Yeah.
There's so many ex fighters that would make amazing referees or judges and
there's so, well, I don't have much of a problem with referees.
There's a lot of great referees. Yeah.
But there's so many people that could be great judges.
There's so many super fans out there that have been training their whole life.
That just, they they're really, really into the sport.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and the, a lot of these fan, these, these, uh,
judges rather not even fans. Yeah.
They're just people that are doing it for a job. They're getting a paycheck.
And then, and yeah. And yeah. And then getting to watch the,
the fights for free live, you know, front row.
And they don't even care. Like they're not even fans. It's, it's ridiculous.
Yeah. It's.
It is what it is. It's livingd.
Life there. I love that saying though. It is what it is. Yeah. It is what it is.
What is it's life? It is life. Yeah. It's like every anyway,
<laugh> after the fight, we walking around with me and my son the next day on,
on month. Oh, not the next day. Oh yeah. It is the next day. Sunday.
<laugh> I walk into New York, New York. There's Hawaiian. I love Hawaiians.
I love my Hawaiians. They greatest fans in the world.
She comes up to me and she rubs my back and she's like, oh, I'm so sorry, boy.
And blah, blah. I'm like for what? She's like, you lost your fight. I'm like,
and alive. I didn't die. It's okay. You know, we're gonna get the belt back.
You know, it's just a fight. It's one fight. We be back. But yeah,
a lot of people talking to me like, it's my funeral or something. I'm like,
guys, I'm okay. I'm gonna be back. I didn't take no real damage.
I'm just happy that I'm not injured and out for a long time. And, uh,
I can get back to do what I love and, and that's punching people in the face.
So at the end of the day, I I'm happy. You know, I like, like I said, I,
I didn't need the belt to be a champion. I know I'm a champion.
The belt was just to let people know that look, I'm,
I'm one of the greatest guys to ever do it, you know?
And my plan is just to be one of the greatest of all time. And, um,
whoever's whoever you guys think it is. Let me know.
I illll go knock on the front door right now and be like, Hey, let's says.
That up. Yeah. Well, you, you just need to make some adjustments for a rematch.
I mean, to this, the whole thing was him attacking your legs. Yeah. That was,
he was getting close. It was a smart strategy. Yeah. It was real good game.
Of inches. You know, he did what he did it did, you know, like, like we said,
it's not a street for it. It's not street fight. He, he did the points.
Know he nice. You sweat.
Better than anybody. You you're really good at switching while you're fighting,
you switch stances, you switch Orthodox,
but you were forced at certain times in the fight to fight south Paul because of
the leg damage. Right. Uh-huh <affirmative>.
I not really because of leg damage, cuz I just felt when I was going south Paul,
uh, against him, I just felt more like he was just, uh, he waiting a lot more.
Like as soon as I went regular, it was funny cuz like I was like, uh,
I could hear, I hear, I could hear, uh, his teammate style bend, hear his coach.
As soon as I go, I go to softball then they're not really saying anything. Mm.
And then as soon as switch back to regular, I hear the word dragon,
dragon and dragon was lake kick. I was like, oh Lincoln coming.
Oh his dragon tails. I don't know what, what they was calling,
but Theyre saying dragon. It was like a late kick. So I could hear it in there.
And I was like, okay, well let's go SOPA. See what they start calling here.
And they wasn't really calling anything. They was just like,
you need to punch now or you need to move now attack.
So I guess so they wasn't really ready for a cell. Paul max,
more than a regular cuz as soon as I went back regular, they was screaming.
Jagging like it was religious or something. So it was crazy.
<laugh> it was crazy.
What did you think he was gonna fight? Like what,
what did you think his strategy was gonna be coming into the fight?
I, you know, I thought so. I thought so he was gonna, uh,
I knew he was gonna do that a lot of faints for sure. You know,
thought he was gonna do like how he did,
although maybe little bit more get me against the fence,
but I think so he is kind of tripping out when, uh, he,
when he got me there and I was able to get off and some, some of 'em um,
I think so he is tripping out that he couldn't take, like he, he was gonna,
I thought so, uh, they was playing the narrative.
Like they was gonna take me down ground upon me and stuff, you know?
So I don't know. I don't know what we did. I think so I, we did good.
And then he just did better in, in one aspect with the leg kicks and uh,
it all added up.
Yeah. When I have to watch the fight again, but I don't remember him landing a,
a, like a real significant punch that had you hurt. It was nah, nah,
not really was, it was good punches,
but it was just his leg kick work was excellent though. I mean, he, he,
he did a lot of, some of.
Great work. Some of the first ones in the first one, some of the first ones was,
was great was, was good in the early rounds. But uh,
some of the other ones was just like,
we was super close and then he' would just throw it mm-hmm <affirmative> you
know, like I would just we'd end up, uh, uh,
getting into a tango and he would just end with a lake kick just for,
just to even touch me, you know? So at then end there, I was like, oh,
I guess I was the get implants is too like.
Kick up. Well, you gotta get a rematch. I mean, you are without a doubt.
The most accomplished featheraway champion of all time. I mean, if you,
you look at your career, you beat Aldo twice, you beat, basically everybody,
you beat everybody in the division, Ortega,
you beat all the up andcommercers you beat all the veterans, you beat,
everybody was there. And so in, in my eyes,
like a rematch makes sense and its a very exciting fight.
It would be a great rematch.
Yeah. You know, to sell. Yeah, yeah. Is gonna sell for.
Sure. Because there's no one really compelling. Yeah.
That's you know there's no, it's not like, you know,
you lost the title vconoski beatcher but there's another guy who's been like
begging and pleading and, and right there with everybody wants to see.
Five 4,000. Yeah. V voski was that guy V.
He was that guy. Yeah. I mean there's good guys in the division. Yeah.
But you've beaten. Most of the guys like Ortega was the big guy, right? Yeah.
He was the one that everybody wanted to see you fight.
Cause he was undefeated and he would win in such spectacular ways. But you,
you know, you've you deserve a rematch. I I really feel.
Like, yeah, we see what happens. You know? I can't wait if they, you know,
I heard a little bit, they didn't hit me up yet. It,
but I heard Dana saying something in Australia or whatever, but yeah,
it is really, that'd be fun. It'd be huge. You need to move. And um,
we see what happens, you know, I I'm just,
you know how it is and I got this never backed down attitudet care.
Do you believes that.
A used to be 240 pounds? How crazy is.
That? That, that is crazy. You know, he was a tank.
Man when he was playing rugby. Yeah. Like a bulldozer.
Yeah. I don't know how someone that tall is that heavy. <laugh> thats crazy.
You know, you know good for him, man. Like a,
like an Andrew release on her hands for a little bit. You. Well, he was.
A yeah. Well he wasn't that fat though. He was just huge. Yeah.
He was just jacked. He just huge. You still see it in his legs. He's got giant.
Legs. Yeah. He's Digg. Yeah. He's the big boy.
He's a tough guy, man. It's it's interesting to see this, uh,
city kickboxing gym, you know, from style bender and Dan hang, uh, hangman.
I was like, you know, I was like a big. Yeah. I was a big fan for a while. Yeah.
For a while. I've been to him since he was four. When he was in 45,
I was watching him. I was like, I was like,
we're probably gonna end up fighting each other when we was at 45 and he went to
55 and it was like saying he's a big 45 and I mean 55.
He make these 55 guys look small. He's pretty. He's huge. Yeah.
He's I love watching the style. Yeah. He's had one.
One bad fight where it didn't go his way. That was the fight against Barb.
But he just, he stood with barbboza,
which is just a terrible idea for most people. Barbbos a kick. So good. Yeah.
He's a, he's the fastest switch kicker I've ever seen in my life. Yeah.
You never seen anybody throw a switch kick.
I never did. I always try to. I always try.
Like I watch his fights and then I always try to go to the gym and mimic it.
I'm like, yeah, it's not <laugh> yeah. Yeah.
I can't be doing this <laugh> I don't even know how he can balance that.